Allow test to be optional and specify image for test; fix HPA; increase app version to 1.5.10 (#138)
estahn/charts: charts/k8s-image-swapper/README.md

# k8s-image-swapper

> ![Version: 1.9.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/Version-1.9.0-informational?style=flat-square) ![Type: application](https://img.shields.io/badge/Type-application-informational?style=flat-square) ![AppVersion: 1.5.8](https://img.shields.io/badge/AppVersion-1.5.8-informational?style=flat-square)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Version: 1.9.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/Version-1.9.0-informational?style=flat-square) ![Type: application](https://img.shields.io/badge/Type-application-informational?style=flat-square) ![AppVersion: 1.5.10](https://img.shields.io/badge/AppVersion-1.5.10-informational?style=flat-square)
```

| serviceAccount.annotations | object | `{}` |  |
| serviceAccount.create | bool | `true` |  |
| serviceAccount.name | string | `""` |  |
| test.affinity | object | `{}` | Set affinity for the test pod |
| test.enabled | bool | `true` | Should the test be included with the release |
| test.image | string | `"busybox"` | The image to use for running the test |
| test.nodeSelector | object | `{}` | Set a node selector for the test pod |
| test.tolerations | list | `[]` | Set tolerations for the test pod |

> | tmpVolume | object | `{"emptyDir":{}}` | The type of volume to mount at /tmp |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| cacheVolume | object | `{"emptyDir":{}}` | The type of volume to be used for caching images |
```
